Let's now refactor our code a little bit.
So basically, reorganize some of our route
to make the code a lot better.
So right now, we have all these routes here.
So the http method plus the url
together with the route handler,
which is this callback function.
Right?
And we have these routes and route handlers
kind of all over the place.
So we have this and then this and all after the other,
but it's kind of difficult to see
what route we actually have in our code.
So all the routes should kind of be together,
and then the handler functions also together.
So separate from these routes here.
Okay.
So what I'm gonna do is to go ahead
and basically export all of these handler functions
into their own function.
Okay?
First of all, let's also get rid of this
old code that we had here.
And so, yeah.
Take this.
Or actually, not just this.
So all of this.
Take this, and create a new function out of it.
So I'm calling this one getAllTours.
And then I'm assigning it this function.
Give it a save, and now here
instead of passing the callback function directly,
well, I just do getAllTours.
And that's it.
Okay?
And so right now, if I'm gonna hit this route here.
So this endpoint.
It will then simply call this getAllTours function.
So the functionality didn't change at all,
but I did slightly refactor my code.
Okay.
And you will see how nice this is gonna be
when all of the routes are together
and all these route handlers are also together.
So...
This one is getTour because this is only to get one tour.
Right?
Add to here, getTour.
So.
And we're starting to see different routes
that we have in our project at one glance.
So.
This is the next one, and it's gonna be createTour.
Const createTour equals all of this.
And here then createTour.
Next up we have...
Not like this.
We have updateTour.
All right.
And so this also actually makes our code
a little more clartive.
Right?
So we can see very easily what happens here
when we're actually reading the code.
So when we read this line of code,
we immediately see, oh, this will update to tour
because we actually have the function name here.
Okay.
And now finally, we have deleteTour.
DeleteTour.
So.
This looks a lot nicer already,
but it's still not perfect.
We can do even better.
Because, let's say, that we want to, for example,
change the version or the resource name.
We would then have to change it
in all of these five places,
and that is not ideal.
And so instead of having all of this,
we can do something better.
So let me actually start it from scratch,
and write app dot route, so that's a new one.
And so here we specify the route that we want.
So let's start actually with this one here.
And then, on there is where we specify
what we want to happen on get.
Dot get.
Well, we want getAllTours.
So.
What we have here is right now
exactly the same as we have here.
Okay, so that's coming out this part.
So it's exactly the same.
Now, the thing is, that here we can now
actually chain the post method.
And then we can say createTour just like this.
Okay?
And so just like this,
we have now actually created an even better way
of writing a route because right now,
this is not repeated for the get and the post.
Okay.
Let's give it a save.
It's nicely formatted, and even easier to read than before.
Okay.
So.
The two route handlers that we use
on this kind of route here.
So without the id, is only for get and for post.
So for getting all tours, and for creating a new tour.
And now, as you can imagine,
let's do the same for the other route.
So basically at this url here.
So we add this url, and now,
we will have get, patch, and delete.
So this one is getTour.
This one is updateTour, ah it's already there.
And finally, I have deleteTour.
So deleteTour.
Give it a save.
And we can now go ahead and...
Well, I'm not gonna delete it.
So that we can keep the old code here as well.
But, this is gonna work just the exact same way,
but making the code a lot better,
and also easier to read.
Right?
So again, just to recap, we separated our handler function
of the route itself so that we can later actually,
even export these into another file.
Okay, so that will then make the code even better.
But for now, let's keep it at this.
So with the handlers nicely separated from the routes.
And then, we specified all the actions
for each of our two routes.
Which are simply tours
and then tours slash the id parameter.
So.
Just to make sure it still works,
let's use this one here.
And with a tour that actually is this.
But you can see already it's not giving us an error
and so it actually still works.
Same four getAllTours because that's another url.
And just to make sure it still works as well.
Indeed, it does.